Are tree frogs a type of amphibian?
Did Socrates influence Aristotle?
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics?
Do Prince Harry and Prince William have the same mother?
Does Abraham Lincoln's death place have a website?
Does Breaking Bad have more episodes than Game of Thrones?
Does the Isar flow into a lake?
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
Give me a list of all American inventions.
Give me a list of all bandleaders that play trumpet.
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
Give me all actors called Baldwin.
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero.
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by William Shatner.
Give me all actors who were born in Berlin.
Give me all actors who were born in Paris after 1950.
Give me all animal species that live in the Teutoburg Forest.
Give me all animals that are extinct.
Give me all Apollo 14 astronauts.
Give me all Australian metalcore bands.
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages.
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog.
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
Give me all cities in New Jersey with more than 100000 inhabitants.
Give me all communist countries.
Give me all companies in Munich.
Give me all companies in the advertising industry.
Give me all cosmonauts.
Give me all Danish films.
Give me all Dutch parties.
Give me all federal chancellors of Germany.
Give me all female given names.
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Give me all films produced by Steven Spielberg with a budget of at least $80 million.
Give me all islands that belong to Japan.
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
Give me all libraries established earlier than 1400.
Give me all members of Prodigy.
Give me all Methodist politicians.
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Give me all people with first name Jimmy.
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Give me all sister cities of Brno.
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
Give me all Swedish oceanographers.
Give me all taikonauts.
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Give me all world heritage sites designated within the past two years.
Give me all writers that won the Nobel Prize in literature.
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa.
Give me the capitals of all countries that the Himalayas run through.
Give me the grandchildren of Bruce Lee.
Give me the websites of companies with more than 500000 employees.
How deep is Lake Placid?
How heavy is Jupiter's lightest moon?
How high is the Mount Everest?
How many Aldi stores are there?
How many big fires struck Paris during the Middle Ages?
How many children did Benjamin Franklin have?
How many countries are there in Europe?
How many employees does Google have?
How many employees does IBM have?
How many films did Hal Roach produce?
How many films did Leonardo DiCaprio star in?
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
How many inhabitants does Maribor have?
How many inhabitants does the largest city in Canada have?
How many James Bond movies are there?
How many languages are spoken in Colombia?
How many languages are spoken in Turkmenistan?
How many pages does War and Peace have?
How many people live in the capital of Australia?
How many programming languages are there?
How many space missions have there been?
How many students does the Free University in Amsterdam have?
How often did Jane Fonda marry?
How often was Michael Jordan divorced?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
How tall is Michael Jordan?
In which city did John F. Kennedy die?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
In which countries can you pay using the West African CFA franc?
In which country does the Nile start?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
In which studio did the Beatles record their first album?
In which U.S. state is Fort Knox located?
In which U.S. state is Mount McKinley located?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?
Is Christian Bale starring in Velvet Goldmine?
Is Cola a beverage?
Is Egypts largest city also its capital?
Is Frank Herbert still alive?
Is James Bond married?
Is Jens Friebe a vegan?
Is Michelle Obama the wife of Barack Obama?
Is proinsulin a protein?
Is the wife of president Obama called Michelle?
Is there a video game called Battle Chess?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos.
List all games by GMT.
List the children of Margaret Thatcher.
Sean Parnell is the governor of which U.S. state?
Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990.
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
To which artistic movement did the painter of The Three Dancers belong?
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Was Marc Chagall a jew?
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist?
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States?
Was the Cuban Missile Crisis earlier than the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
What are the top-10 action role-playing video games according to IGN?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
What does CPU stand for?
What is the area code of Berlin?
What is the average temperature on Hawaii?
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?
What is the bridge with the longest span?
What is the capital of Canada?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
What is the highest mountain?
What is the highest place of the Urals?
What is the largest city in Australia?
What is the longest river?
What is the melting point of copper?
What is the most beautiful painting?
What is the most frequent death cause?
What is the official color of the University of Oxford?
What is the official language of Suriname?
What is the official website of Tom Cruise?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
What is the total amount of men and women serving in the FDNY?
What was Brazil's lowest rank in the FIFA World Ranking?
What was the last movie with Alec Guinness?
What were the main discoveries of the Mars rover Curiosity?
When did Latvia join the EU?
When did Michael Jackson die?
When is Halloween?
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
When was Alberta admitted as province?
When was Capcom founded?
When was Carlo Giuliani shot?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
When was the Statue of Liberty built?
When were the Hells Angels founded?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
Where was Bach born?
Which actor played Chewbacca?
Which actor was casted in the most movies?
Which actors were born in Germany?
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Which awards did WikiLeaks win?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Which budget did the first movie of Zdenek Sverak have?
Which capitals in Europe were host cities of the summer olympic games?
Which caves have more than 3 entrances?
Which Chess players died in the same place they were born in?
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Which countries adopted the Euro?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Which countries have more than ten caves?
Which countries have more than two official languages?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
Which country has the most official languages?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?
Which Greek goddesses dwelt on Mount Olympus?
Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake?
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Which monarchs were married to a German?
Which mountain is the highest after the Annapurna?
Which mountains are higher than the Nanga Parbat?
Which movies did Kurosawa direct after Rashomon?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Which of Tim Burton's films had the highest budget?
Which organizations were founded in 1930?
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?
Which poet wrote the most books?
Which pope succeeded John Paul II?
Which presidents were born in 1945?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
Which rivers flow into a German lake?
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which spaceflights were launched from Baikonur?
Which states border Illinois?
Which states of Germany are governed by the Social Democratic Party?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest?
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN?
Which U.S. state has the highest population density?
Which U.S. states are in the same time zone as Utah?
Who are the four youngest MVP basketball players?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Who created Goofy?
Who created the comic Captain America?
Who created Wikipedia?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
Who developed Minecraft?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
Who founded Intel?
Who has Tom Cruise been married to?
Who invented the zipper?
Who is the daughter of Ingrid Bergman married to?
Who is the editor of Forbes?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Who is the governor of Wyoming?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv?
Who is the owner of Universal Studios?
Who is the tallest player of the Atlanta Falcons?
Who is the youngest Darts player?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Who produced the most films?
Who produces Orangina?
Who was called Scarface?
Who was John F. Kennedy's vice president?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Who was the first president of the United States?
Who was the first to climb Mount Everest?
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth?
Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?