Did Socrates influence Aristotle?
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics?
Do Prince Harry and Prince William have the same mother?
Does the new Battlestar Galactica series have more episodes than the old one?
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
Give me a list of all American inventions.
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
Give me a list of all trumpet players that were bandleaders.
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero.
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by and starring William Shatner.
Give me all animal species that live in the Teutoburg Forest.
Give me all Argentine films.
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages.
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog.
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
Give me all cities in New Jersey with more than 100000 inhabitants.
Give me all companies in Munich.
Give me all companies in the advertising industry.
Give me all current Methodist national leaders.
Give me all female German chancellors.
Give me all female Russian astronauts.
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Give me all Frisian islands that belong to the Netherlands.
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
Give me all members of Prodigy.
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Give me all people with first name Jimmy.
Give me all presidents of the United States.
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Give me all school types.
Give me all sister cities of Brno.
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Give me all world heritage sites designated within the past five years.
Give me the Apollo 14 astronauts.
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa.
Give me the homepage of Forbes.
Give me the websites of companies with more than 500000 employees.
How high is the Mount Everest?
How many big fires struck Paris during the Middle Ages?
How many children did Benjamin Franklin have?
How many employees does Google have?
How many employees does IBM have?
How many films did Hal Roach produce?
How many films did Leonardo DiCaprio star in?
How many inhabitants does Maribor have?
How many monarchical countries are there in Europe?
How many official languages are spoken on the Seychelles?
How many people live in the capital of Australia?
How many space missions have there been?
How many students does the Free University in Amsterdam have?
How often did Nicole Kidman marry?
How often was Michael Jordan divorced?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
How tall is Michael Jordan?
In which city did John F. Kennedy die?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
In which country does the Nile start?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
In which U.S. state is Fort Knox located?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?
Is Christian Bale starring in Batman Begins?
Is Egypts largest city also its capital?
Is Frank Herbert still alive?
Is Jens Friebe a vegan?
Is Michelle Obama the wife of Barack Obama?
Is proinsulin a protein?
Is the wife of president Obama called Michelle?
Is there a video game called Battle Chess?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
List all games by GMT.
List the children of Margaret Thatcher.
Sean Parnell is the governor of which U.S. state?
Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990.
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Was Dutch Schultz a jew?
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist?
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States?
Was the Cuban Missile Crisis earlier than the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
What are the official languages of the Philippines?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
What is the area code of Berlin?
What is the average temperature on Hawaii?
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?
What is the capital of Canada?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
What is the highest mountain?
What is the highest place of Karakoram?
What is the largest city in Australia?
What is the longest river?
What is the melting point of copper?
What is the most beautiful painting?
What is the official website of Tom Cruise?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
What is the total amount of men and women serving in the FDNY?
When did Latvia join the EU?
When did Michael Jackson die?
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
When was Alberta admitted as province?
When was Capcom founded?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
When was the Statue of Liberty built?
When were the Hells Angels founded?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
Which actors were born in Germany?
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Which awards did WikiLeaks win?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Which budget did the first movie of Zdenek Sverak have?
Which capitals in Europe were host cities of the summer olympic games?
Which caves have more than 3 entrances?
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which classis do tree frogs belong to?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as on nuclear reactor technology?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Which countries have more than two official languages?
Which countries have places with more than two caves?
Which countries in the European Union adopted the Euro?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
Which country has the most official languages?
Which daughters of British earls died in the same place they were born in?
Which European countries have a constitutional monarchy?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?
Which Greek goddesses dwelt on Mount Olympus?
Which instruments did John Lennon play?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Which monarchs of the United Kingdom were married to a German?
Which mountain is the highest after the Annapurna?
Which mountains are higher than the Nanga Parbat?
Which movies did Kurosawa direct after Rashomon?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Which organizations were founded in 1950?
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?
Which presidents were born in 1945?
Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which state of the USA has the highest population density?
Which states border Illinois?
Which states of Germany are governed by the Social Democratic Party?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest?
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN?
Which U.S. states are in the same timezone as Utah?
Which U.S. states possess gold minerals?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Who created Goofy?
Who created the comic Captain America?
Who created Wikipedia?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
Who developed Minecraft?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
Who founded Intel?
Who has been the 5th president of the United States of America?
Who invented the zipper?
Who is the daughter of Ingrid Bergman married to?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Who is the governor of Wyoming?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
Who is the mayor of New York City?
Who is the owner of Universal Studios?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
Who owns Aldi?
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Who produced the most films?
Who produces Orangina?
Who was called Scarface?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Who was the successor of John F. Kennedy?
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
Who wrote the book Les Piliers de la terre?
Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?