Which diseases is Cetuximab used for?
What are the diseases caused by Valdecoxib?
What is the side effects of drugs used for Tuberculosis?
What are the side effects of Valdecoxib?
Which genes are associated with breast cancer?
Which drugs have fever as a side effect?
Give me diseases treated by tetracycline
Which drugs interact with allopurinol?
What are side effects of drugs used for asthma?
Which foods does allopurinol interact with?
What are enzymes of drugs used for anemia?
What is the target drug of Vidarabine?
Which drugs target Multidrug resistance protein 1?
Give me drug references of drugs targeting Prothrombin.
Which genes are associated with diseases treated with Cetuximab?
Which drugs have hypertension and vomiting as side-effects?
Which are possible drugs against rickets?
What are the common side effects of Doxil and Bextra?
Which are the drugs whose side effects are associated with the gene TRPM6?
Which are the side effects of Penicillin G?
Which diseases are associated with the gene FOXP2?
Which are possible drugs for diseases associated with the gene ALD?
Which are targets of Hydroxocobalamin?
Which are targets for possible drugs for diseases associated with the gene ALD?
Which genes are associated with diseases whose possible drugs target Cubilin?
Which genes are associated with Endothelin receptor type B?
Which genes are associated with subtypes of rickets?
Which drug has the highest number of side-effects?
List drugs that lead to strokes and arthrosis.
Which drugs have a water solubility of 2.78e-01 mg/mL?
Give me the side-effects drugs with a solubility of 3.24e-02 mg/mL.
Which diseases are associated with SAR1B?
Which experimental drugs interact with food?
Which approved drugs interact with fibers?
Which drugs interact with food and have HIV infections as side-effects?
Give me diseases whose possible drugs target the elongation factor 2.
Which drugs achieve a protein binding of 100%?
List illnesses that are treated by drugs whose mechanism of action involves norepinephrine and serotonin.
Which is the least common chromosome location?
Are there drugs that target the Protein kinase C beta type?
Give me all diseases of the connective tissue class.
Which targets are involved in blood clotting?
List the number of distinct side-effects of drugs which target genes whose general function involves cell division.
Which drugs have no side-effects?
List diseases whose possible drugs have no side effects.
Give me the drug categories of Desoxyn.
Give me drugs in the gaseous state.
Which disease has the largest size?
Which drugs have bipolar disorder as indication?
Which diseases have a class degree of 11?